Add collector report schema (#19941)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/collector-report.md

# The collector report JSON schema

> This document details the structure of reports collected by https://github.com/GooborgStudios/mdn-bcd-collector and stored in https://github.com/GooborgStudios/mdn-bcd-results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document details the structure of reports produced by https://mdn-bcd-collector.appspot.com/, https://mdn-bcd-collector.gooborg.com/, and potentially other tooling.
```

## JSON structure

Below is an example of the report data:

```json
{
  "__version": "9.3.1",
  "results": {

>     "https://mdn-bcd-collector.appspot.com/tests/": [

Reviewer: In some tests I've used the .example TLD to avoid having to pick one:

```suggestion
    "https://mdn-bcd-collector.example/tests/": [
```

# The collector report JSON schema

> This document details the structure of reports collected by https://github.com/foolip/mdn-bcd-collector and stored in https://github.com/foolip/mdn-bcd-results.

Reviewer 2: The Gooborg Studios version is what is linked throughout this repository, so we should probably keep with that trend to reduce confusion:

```suggestion
This document details the structure of reports collected by https://github.com/GooborgStudios/mdn-bcd-collector and stored in https://github.com/GooborgStudios/mdn-bcd-results.
```

(There is, of course, a bit of self-interest reasoning involved there... :P)

## JSON structure

Below is an example of the report data:

```json
{

>   "__version": "6.2.7",

Reviewer 2: To add the `extensions` property, and also to reference the latest version of the collector:

```suggestion
  "__version": "9.3.0",
  "extensions": {},
```

}
```

## Properties

### `exposure`

The `exposure` string is a required property. It must be one of four values whether the test was executed in a window (`"Window"`), web worker (`"Worker"`), shared worker (`"SharedWorker"`) or service worker (`"ServiceWorker"`).

### `message`

The `message` string is a required property if `result` is `null`.

Some example messages are:

```js
"threw TypeError: Failed to construct 'Notification': Illegal constructor.";
'Testing CanvasRenderingContext2D in workers is not yet implemented';
'Browser does not support detection methods';
```

### `name`

The `name` string is a required property and represents the feature identifier the result is for. The identifier is made of dot-separated elements. For example `"javascript.builtins.Array.at"` points to feature in BCD under `{"javascript": {"builtins": {"Array": {"at": {"__compat": ...}}}}}`.

### `result`

The `result` boolean or `null` value is a required property indicating if the tested feature under the given `exposure` is present, not present, or cannot be determined by the test.

### `__version`

> The `__version` string is a required property and the version of https://github.com/foolip/mdn-bcd-collector that collected the report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `__version` string is a required property and the version of mdn-bcd-collector that collected the report.
```

### `results`

> The `results` object is a required property and maps the collection page endpoint to an array of test results. There must be at least one key in the map. Each key must start with `https://mdn-bcd-collector.appspot.com/tests/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `results` object is a required property and maps the collection page endpoint to an array of test results. There must be at least one key in the map.
```

> The `results` object is a required property and maps the collection page endpoint to an array of test results. There must be at least one key in the map. Each key must start with `https://mdn-bcd-collector.appspot.com/tests/`.

Author: For a valid URL should that be something like `/^(https?|ftp|file):\/\/[\-A-Za-z0-9+&@#\/%?=~_|!:,.;]*[\-A-Za-z0-9+&@#\/%=~_|]$/`? (from https://stackoverflow.com/questions/161738/what-is-the-best-regular-expression-to-check-if-a-string-is-a-valid-url#comment19948615_163684)

Maybe we don't need something so strict and `^.*://.*$` is sufficient? I'm guessing we would like to know the protocol in the result as a soft indicator of context, so something like `^(https?|file)://.*$` to verify the protocol?

I think `^.*$` is also fine.
